geckoboard-data-pushers
=======================

Collection of small Ruby tools to push data into Geckoboard

# What's this?
This is a collection of ruby scripts that push data to [Geckoboard](http://www.geckoboard.com).
The goal is to open up our collection of scripts for the different data sources we feed into our dashboards and have others contribute theirs, so that this becomes a collection of ready-to-use tools for everyone interested in making themselves more data-driven.


## JMeter
If you want to push data from JMeter reports into Geckoboard, use the JMeter-Feeder.


After running JMeter, you just run the following script:

    ruby jmeter_feeder.rb --apiKey "YOUR API KEY" --widgetKey "YOUR WIDGET KEY" --reportFile "/some/report.jtl"
    
which will push the number of unresolved vs. the number of all problems from Errbit to Geckoboard.  
Make sure not to delete the CSV this script will create or you lose all history.

### Options

option | required | meaning | default  
--- | --- | --- | ---
--apiKey | yes | The Geckoboard API Key (see your account settings) | none  
--widgetKey | yes | The Geckoboard Widget Key (see the custom widget settings) | none  
--reportFile | yes | The path to the *.jtl file that was generated by JMeter | none

## Errbit
To push the number of unresolved problems from Errbit into a Geck-o-Meter, use the Errbit-Feeder.

For that, it's best to create a Cronjob:

    */5 * * * * bundle exec ruby errbit_feeder.rb --apiKey "YOUR API KEY" --widgetKey "YOUR WIDGET KEY"
    
which will push the number of unresolved vs. the number of all problems from Errbit to Geckoboard.

### Options

option | required | meaning | default  
--- | --- | --- | ---
--apiKey | yes | The Geckoboard API Key (see your account settings) | none  
--widgetKey | yes | The Geckoboard Widget Key (see the custom widget settings) | none  
--dbHost | no | The MongoDB server address | localhost  
--dbPort | no | The port the MongoDB server is listening on | 27017  
--dbName | no | The database name to use (where Errbit stores the data)| errbit  

# Contributing
Contributions are more than welcome! Just do me a favour:

**Update this README and document your script or your changes the way you see above**

With your contribution you confirm that you're not doing nasty illegal things and that you're okay with us using your code.

# License
This is BSD 2 Clause Licensed (see LICENSE for details)

